CARTER:
Previously on Eureka...
Your criminal record
disqualifies you
from being in
the Astraeus Project.
Yeah, I know.
Allison has found
something in my heart.
l'm cut from
mission selection.
I'd still like to
take you to dinner.
Something more
off-the-clock
might be nice.
So, you guys
really went out?
BEVERLY: The BBI interface
with Allison
becomes less stable
the longer I use it.
I'd really prefer
not to get stuck
inside her head.
Beveny?
Beverly doesn't
live here anymore.
(BEEPING)
Hey, was I dreaming
or did I hear
yelling last night?
Oh, uh, a bunch
of commandos
abducted Jo.
Coffee?
Sure.
Ooh, you made me
breakfast.
My finest ever.
Mmm.
SARAH: Ahem.
Well, SARAH and I
had a...
SARAH did most...
I put the greens down.
It's the
presentation
that sells it.
I'd like to think so.
So what are you
doing today?
Uh, l have a meeting
with Senator Wen at G.D.
But I think I will be
back in time for lunch,
so I'm thinking
another picnic by the lake.
Uh, actually, I am
planning on going
back to work today.
Two weeks of
doting is about all
that I can handle.
Well, two weeks since
you were brain-jacked.
And I don't dote.
Oh, you dote.
I mean, I love
that you dote.
Butjust not so much.
Besides, the kids
are coming back from
my mom's tomorrow, so...
Thursday.
No, today is Wed...
See? Brain-jacked.
I'm fine, really.
(LAUGHS NERVOUSLY)
LARRY: Tick tock, people.
Tick tock.
No pressure.
Oh, God.
And time's up,
Astraeus candidates.
Pencils down.
Easy on the stairs.
(SIGHS) Jack.
l'm doting, right.
SENATOR WEN: Sheriff.
Dr. Blake.
Hi.
It's good to see
you up and about.
Enjoying your
time off?
Uh, yes, lwas.
But I'm ready
to get back to work.
Oh, no need to rush.
Enjoy your you time.
(CHUCKLES) Well, thank you.
I appreciate your
understanding.
But G.D. still needs...
Sorry, sometimes I forget to
turn off the politician speak.
It wasn't understanding.
I'm not reinstating
you just yet.
Oh.
Listen, the trauma
you experienced
would shake
anyone's confidence.
Well, my confidence
isn't shaken, Senator.
Mine is.
I just want to be sure
that you're ready.
No need to rush.
Feel free to use
the facilities, Allison.
Maybe take a day
at the spa.
Sheriff, you're with me.
I guess I'm with her.
Uh, I'll find you later.
Miss Lupo.
Your test results
are ready.
Wow, that was fast.
Titan waits
for no one.
Oh.
Okay.
Quick, quick,
like a bandage.
lt'll hurt less.
lpassed.
lpassed!
I passed, I passed, I passed,
I passed, I passed!
(CHUCKLING)
I knew you would.
I didn't.
l was half asleep when
they brought me in here.
Yeah, well,
any tool can ace
orbital dynamics
with eight hours sleep
and three cups of coffee.
That's why they yank you
in the middle of the night.
They want to see what
you're really made of.
So you should
probably resume your
little happy dance.
Besides, I was
kind of enjoying it.
You know, I kind of wish
that you were going.
Oh, I'm going to Titan.
Hmm?
They just don't
know it yet.
(BEEPING)
Oh. Oh.
Level Q?
Where the hell's that?
SENATOR WEN:
Morning, everyone.
Morning.
Morning, Senator.
Should I sit?
Just stand there
and look pretty.
You've all been
doing yeoman's work
on your
Astraeus assignments,
but I'm afraid
you're behind schedule.
Actually, I should
have construction
of the ship's hull
completed right on track.
Not according
to the new schedule.
Oh.
I'm afraid you're going to
have to accelerate things
a bit, Dr. Sanagustin.
Okay, I can push our
guys to finish ASAP.
Oh, excellent.
Where's Dr. Fung?
Oh, uh...
(ELECTRONIC PULSING)
(RUMBLING)
(SCREAMING)
(SIGHS)
DR. FUNG: Uh, sorry.
Sorry, everybody.
My bad.
I'm guessing that's him.
Yeah.
He's been having some issues
with his interstellar
communications system.
Well, uh, on that note,
I'll let you get back to work.
Yeah, I should
do the same.
Oh, you
are working.
For me.
Things will be heating up
around here with the
tighter deadlines.
I'd appreciate your help
with extra security.
Well, I'd love to,
but, uh, I'm the
town sheriff.
So, I have
sheriffy things to do.
That's politician speak
for "You have to."
Paper work's
already done.
Oh, and, um,
I'd appreciate it
if you'd wear a suit.
Finally.
What took you
solong?
This level
is amazing.
ldidn't even know G.D.
went this deep.
So, um, what's up?
Um, you tell us.
We got texts from you
to come down here.
No, you sent me a text
FARGO: Someone, anyone!
Let us out!
Yeah, there's
no reception here, guys.
(BEEPING)
LARRY: Congratulations,
Astraeus candidates,
on making it
to the next round.
Psychological
stress testing.
Oh, I've read
about this.
(CHUCKLES)
They put us
in isolation
for days on end.
Give us challenging tasks
that test our mettle
at every turn.
Where the
strong survive,
and the weak get discarded
like yesterday's trash.
Silence!
Please place all of your
belongings into the chute.
PDAs, jewelry, clothing.
Clothing?
Mmm-hmm.
Every last stitch.
Tick-tock, people. Drop 'em.
(SIGHS)
Get naked? Here?
In front of everyone?
Test uniforms
will be provided.
HOLLY: One of the things we're
going to have to deal with
on the mission
is lack of privacy.
This is our first test.
l for one believe
that the human body
is a beautiful thing.
And I am happy to share it.
Oh, no!
No sharing, no!
Fargo, eyes on the prize.
We're going to space.
Okay.
Why don't we all
just face our lockers
and agree to no peeking?
(CLEARS THROAT)
Hey.
Zane.
(SIGHING)
Don't let me stop you.
Hmm.
Ladies.
Excuse me.
Can I help you?
l'm Allison Blake.
This is my desk.
Oh, hmm. Um...
Of course, Dr. Blake.
l'm Mark Timmons.
| read your book
on space medicine.
Great, great stuff.
Thank you. I take it
Senator Wen brought you in.
When she calls, I heed.
This place is so much cooler
than the Mayo Clinic.
You know, if I'd known
you were coming, I'd
have cleaned up a bit.
Well, that's fine.
If you could just fill me in
on everything that I missed.
Sorry. Uh,
Senator Wen's orders.
l was told about
your incident.
And, uh, I'm afraid
you're no-fly.
(SIGHS)
Now, uh, I'm about
to start a private
consuHaﬂon,sou.
How you feeling?
Well, like everyone
thinks that I'm crazy.
Uh, tell me
that you were not
wearing that before.
No, Senator Wen
asked me
to fill in for Jo
while she's doing
some stress test.
I'm not a tie guy.
This is...
Yeah, well, maybe
you should tighten it.
A lot.
l'm sensing hostility.
Apparently,
everyone thinks that
my brain is broken.
Well, not everyone.
Well, what do you think?
I think broken's
a strong word.
(RUMBLING)
(ELECTRONIC PULSING)
DR. FUNG: Uh, I'm sorry,
my bad again.
l have to
talk to him.
(SIGHS) l... I...
You know what?
I can't even believe
that you're taking
Wen's side.
I'm not taking
any sides.
You were fuzzy about
what day it was.
Because of the monotony
of one day blending
into the next.
Oh, so spending
quality time with me
is monotonous.
You know what
I really think?
I think that
it's okay to be
a little off your game.
I think it's okay to
ease back into things.
And I think it's okay to
let me take care of you.
(GASPING)
Whoa!
Jack!
You said
something about
taking care of me?
Zane?
What are you doing here?
Testing my mettle.
LARRY: You're not
even qualified
for the mission.
Yeah, unless
I ram my worth
down their throats.
Zane's presence
taints the test.
Open up the door,
Larry. Do over.
Testing protocol
is very clear.
Once the doors are sealed,
no one comes or goes.
So I suggest
you adapt and
overcome.
Slim pickings in here.
FARGO: Yeah, and now
they're getting slimmer
with you here.
The resources are
meant for four people.
We should treat him
as a stowaway.
Restrain him,
and put him
on rations.
Oh, you're welcome
to try.
All right.
First test, candidates.
You must each fold 100 cranes
and string them on a wire.
(LAUGHING) Oh, seriously.
No, no, no, no,
this is an actual
astronaut test.
This is arts
and crafts.
lt's empirical
origami.
A chronological record
of our ability
to perform
the kind of
intricate,
repetitive tasks
that will be
necessary
on the mission.
How do we handle
the monotony?
Are the
last 10 cranes
as good as our first?
Arts and crafts.
No doubt the lack
of ab crunches
and dead lifts
disappoints you,
Number One.
Don't call me that.
But this is about
strength of mind.
As Holly so
acutely observed.
(CLEARING THROAT)
Did I mention
you're being timed?
(ALL CLAMORING)
HOLLY: Excuse me.
Excuse me.
ALLISON: Well,
it can't just be gone.
ANDY: There's debris
at the bottom
of the shaft,
just no sign
of the main
compartment.
Shut down
all elevators
until further notice.
There is nothing
wrong with me!
Okay, so maybe
it was just
an accident.
I mean, the
interstellar
something-or—other guy,
he shattered glass
in Wen's office
this morning, so...
VVeH,lguess
that's possible.
You should look into it,
since clearly l'm incapable.
Your atrial
septal defect is
in a particularly
bad spot, Henry.
Most doctors agree
it's untreatable.
Fortunately for you,
I'm not most doctors.
l have developed
a new surgical procedure
that I believe could
repair your heart
with very little
recovery time.
Now, what do you say
we patch you up and
send you into space?
Uh, I say,
"When can we
get started?"
What's your
success rate?
Oh, on people?
Uh, sample size
is too small to
be significant.
Um, it healed
a lot of pigs,
though.
Truckloads of them.
Henry,
we need to talk.
Yeah... Mmm.
Uh, yeah.
I guess we
need to talk.
Yeah.
DR. FUNG: Uh, yes,
I could have disintegrated
the elevator
using the right
or wrong frequency.
But I didn't.
Really?
'Cause we heard a
pretty nasty-sounding
sonic boom
right before
the elevator
went bye-bye.
You do realize,
l'm actualizing
a real-time interplanetary
communications network.
Well, that's a
lot of big words,
uh, Dr. Fung.
But you're playing
loose and easy
with safety. So...
Nothing I've done
could disintegrate
a tungsten elevator.
I swear to you.
And frankly, I have to...
(RUMBLING)
You know,
I'll be needing
a new lab, ASAP.
That's not my department.
Uh... Hey, guys?
Another lab and a
chunk of the cafeteria
just collapsed.
Andy, any ideas?
Yup. The floor's
support beams.
They don't seem
to be there.
Right.
Uh, disintegrated
by a giant sound wave.
Gosh, no.
That would leave
a totally different
forensic signifier.
Thank you. Totally
different forensic signifier.
So, gone as in,
uh, taken, then?
Hmm. Unlikely.
Reinforced G.D. tungsten
is awfully tough
to cut through.
Though there are
tiny serrations along
the remaining debris.
Okay.
Well, the missing elevator
was made of tungsten.
Ooh!
A pattern.
Yeah, if
it was taken.
Uh, what would
someone do with it?
All kinds of
useful things.
They could make support beams,
the Astraeus spacecraft.
An elevator.
Let's talk about
the second one.
LARRY: Boring!
Let's heat you up
just a bit.
Oh, God, I love myjob.
Okay, okay. l'll grant
that Dr. Timmons comes off
a touch overconfident.
A touch?
But he is one of the
top cardiac surgeons
in the world.
And if your heart was in
danger, I'd be all for it.
But your heart works
perfectly fine
here on earth.
Grace, this was your idea.
lt's experimental
heart surgery, Henry.
It is too risky.
It's my risk.
Oh, is it now?
Huh.
(EXHALES)
Bathroom's free.
Oh.
But it doesn't work.
So, fix it,
Number Four Asterisk.
Hell, no. I got
cranes to fold.
How chivalrous of you.
I bet it's part
of the test.
They mess with the
facilities to see
how we react.
Luckily, I can
hold it a long time.
My doctor says
I have the bladder
of a water buffalo.
Holly, have you ever
heard the expression
too much information?
With Holly,
there's no such thing.
Aw! Thanks, Isaac.
Man, it's like
a sauna in here.
There's gotta be a...
Ah, here we go.
Aw! Seriously?
My bad.
Please, why would
I steal tungsten?
Well, Senator Wen
told you to finish
the spacecraft ASAP.
Maybe you needed
more raw materials to
meet the new deadline?
It's already been met.
What?
The ship.
The hull's done.
See for yourself.
Oh.
ANDY: Whoa.
Very impressive.
DR. SANAGUSTIN:
Just wait until you see
the micro-polymer paint job.
You said you're going
to have to push your guys
hard to finish it.
Maybe I should
talk to them.
Oh, well, you might
find that conversation
a bit one-sided.
The ship was built by
a team of construction mites.
Hmm.
Mites, as in bugs?
Bug-like robots
that are programed
to consume tungsten
and fuse
the raw material
layer by layer
using laser centering.
Andy, you said
that there were, um,
tiny serrations
in the lab floor?
| see where
you're going
with that, boss.
I would have to measure
the bite radius of the mite
to be sure.
But it sounds
plausible.
I don't think so.
Yes, | crank them to 11
to speed things up,
but that wouldn't
make them go around
eating elevators.
They had more than
ample raw material
to complete
the ship's hull.
CARTER: Where are
the mites now?
Well, when they
complete the task,
they go into
storage automatically.
Huh. They should be there.
And you're going...
You're going to...
Fill in the blank.
Look, I designed
the spacecraft.
I didn't program the mites.
Why don't you talk
to the man who did?
A bright kid, Zane Donovan.
Fantastic.
Can you stop doing that?
Helps me concentrate.
Well, if you didn't
bring enough
for everyone...
For you, Miss 92, anything.
How did you know
my score?
On the written test?
Lucky guess.
You hacked my test
and cheated for me,
didn't you?
I'm sure
I have no clue
what you mean.
VVeH,lguess
not all of us are
playing on a level field.
Interesting.
Could this get
any more frustrating?
(POP SONG PLAYING OVER PA)
LARRY: Enjoy
the tunes, Number Two.
I gotta go number one.
So do I.
(SINGING) Car wash, yeah
Senator Wen?
Thank you.
With all due respect,
I believe that I should
be reinstated.
Allison.
Your last MRI
still showed
slight variation
from your
pre-incident state.
Yes, but still within
the parameters of
normal brain activity.
Why the rush?
Because I'm fine. I've
had multiple brain scans.
My motor skills
are perfectly fine.
You didn't
answer my question.
Why the rush?
Then I don't understand.
I think I do.
To have your mind
taken over.
The violation,
the loss of control.
If it were me,
I'd want my normal life
back as soon as possible.
I'd need it back.
Yes, exactly.
So what I need
to ask you is,
are you absolutely sure
that you're 100%
back to normal?
Or do you just
need to be?
Boss, you seem
particularly
stressed today.
Would you like
to talk about it?
No, not...
All right, um, I'm stressed
because Allison's mad at me.
I'm stressed because
I'm wearing a tie
that's strangling me.
And I'm stressed because
we can't find the
one guy at G.D.
who can tell us
about a bunch
of insect bugs
that are
running around
destroying everything...
(GRUNTING)
Look out.
(GROANING)
Who put a metal door
in the hallway?
Actually, it's a hatch
for the Astraeus.
And I'm guessing
they did.
Andy, they're
not building a hatch.
They're eating G.D.
and building a whole ship.
Senator Wen?
We have a bug problem.
I just heard about
the missing mites
from Dr. Sanagustin.
Notjust missing.
Eaﬂng.
Eating and
building ship walls.
Now, we've evacuated
the areas with the
most damage.
But it's only a matter of time
before whole sections
coHapse.
Recommendations?
I think we should
kill the mites.
Actually, the
construction mites are
pretty darn scrappy.
They're designed
to perform repairs
in the extreme
conditions on Titan.
They're impervious
to heat, cold, gases,
electromagnetic pulses.
Indestructible bugs.
Fantastic.
Dr. Deacon is
working on shutting
them off.
But, uh, it could be
hours without Mr. Donovan.
That I can
help you with.
(POP SONG PLAYING OVER PA)
Getting tired,
Parrish?
Your last cranes
look more like ducks.
Your transparent
mind games
aren't going to
work on me, Asterisk.
Could I have
some of your paper?
| used all my extras on...
I'm sorry, no.
Blame Asterisk.
If we had restrained
the stowaway
like I suggested,
there would be plenty
of extras for everyone.
You can have
some of my paper, Holly.
I'm never gonna get
through all of this.
Power outage.
Why not have
that happen?
They're testing our ability
to adapt and maintain focus.
Don't you all have
owl-like night vision?
Oh, it's just me.
Bummer.
They're testing
our group dynamics.
On Titan,
a power outage
could cause
life-support failure.
First and foremost,
we need to look after
each other.
Oh! Let's get this panel off
and look for the
electrical short.
You're not the dictator
of G.D. anymore,
Number Two.
No one's going to
follow you down here.
IwiII.
Me too.
What?
I'm not gonna
let this yahoo
pass me up.
(SINGING) Whoa, whoa, talking
about the car wash, yeah
Dude,
I just got that
out of my head.
Yeah, yeah
(SINGING) Talkin' about
the car wash
Hmm. Hmm?
Very funny, people.
Hey, Larry.
Can you patch me
through to Zane in...
That's not
supposed
to be there.
l was just
gone for a...
Wait.
I'm being tested, aren't I?
They are testing the tester.
That is so meta.
(SHUSHING)
(MITES SCURRYING)
I know that sound.
Is there any chance
the control panel's
made of tungsten?
Just the
crucial bits.
Is there any way to
talk to the people
in the iso-chamber?
No, the panel that
you don't see there
pretty much controls
everything.
Communications,
electricity,
ventilation.
Okay, okay,
is there a way to
get them out manually?
Sure.
But you have to
go down to the
iso-chamber on level Q.
I've never even
heard of level Q.
It's not a very
popular level.
Fair enough.
Yeah, it can be
a pretty confusing place
if you don't have
a map in your head.
Which I do.
(CLICKS TONGUE)
Lead the way.
(ALARM SOUNDING)
It looks like
a fried coupling.
I can bypass it
if one of you can... Hmm.
Wow, you guys
are quite simpatico.
l have that with...
Myself.
Never scored high in
"Works well with others."
Well, we're others.
And we're working.
If I still have
any influence,
I'm recommending you
both for the mission
with flying colors.
Yeah, well, thanks,
but as soon as
we get out of here,
I'm going straight to Wen,
and if she doesn't
let me take
the written test again,
I'm, uh, withdrawing.
ZANE: Jo Lupo,
quitter.
Didn't see that coming.
No, ljustwouldn't
take a spot I didn't earn
away from
someone who did.
Get back
to your cranes.
Jo and I will get
the power back on.
Look, Jo, you passed
that test on your own.
You deserve to be here.
All right, now you're
just messing with me.
No, earlier I was
messing with you.
I've been messing
with everyone.
Great, right when l was
starting to trust you.
That was supposed to work.
I can't even
do this right.
(EXHALES)
That should have worked.
The power should
have come back on.
How could you
know that?
Because Wen
put me in here
to crank up everyone's
stress level.
I'm part of the test.
PARRISH: I knew it.
ANDY: The framework
of the isolation chamber
is the second-highest
concentration of
tungsten in G.D.
If the mites
were to consume it,
the test candidates
would be crushed.
What was the
first-highest
concentration?
That would be the
support bearings
for all of G.D.
located underneath
the isolation chamber.
Ah.
If the mites were
to consume that...
Yeah, we all
get crushed.
I got it.
Yup.
Level Q.
Whew.
Don't suppose
you're strong
enough to break this.
Sorry, boss.
Actually, I could
use a little help
right now myself.
(EXCLAIMS IN SURPRISE)
Oh, boy.
Okay, Senator Wen
promised to put my
case up for review.
Well,
congratulations.
You did a bang-up job
betraying your friends.
You know what?
I hope you have
so much fun on Titan.
ZANE: I didn't
betray anyone.
l was helping you all
prove yourselves.
Blah, blah, blah.
So clearly rehearsed.
Confessing that he's a mole
is just the next step in
messing with our heads.
Except they can't
hear any of this.
Okay?
The power was
supposed to go out.
But Jo's repair
should have restored it.
Guys, we really are
cut off from G.D.
(RUMBLING)
(GASPS)
It's all part of the test.
You did great, buddy.
You'll be fine.
Thanks.
Henry, those things
were like ants
at an Andy picnic.
Yeah, well, something
hit this mite,
that's for sure.
I mean, it's
no wonder that they
never got the order
to shut down.
The signal transducers
were reduced to dust.
Uh, a dusted
signal transducer
means...
Well, ifthere's
no way to override
the initial mandate,
then the mites continue
consuming and
building indefinitely.
I think I know
what happened.
And I know where to
find our exterminator.
Okay.
All shored up,
for now.
You people have the
attention span of toddlers.
You're gonna panic at
every little distraction
that happens on Titan?
This mission requires
unshakeable fortitude
and focus to...
Get it off,
get it off, get it off!
(SCREAMING)
HOLLY: Holy cow,
it's still going.
JO: What is that?
That would be
a construction mite.
Uh-oh, guys.
If my mites have
eaten their way
clear down here,
they would have done
some serious damage to
G.D. on the way down.
Then Carter
will figure out
a way to help us.
I highly doubt
Carter's top priority
is restoring our power.
FARGO: And these chairs
won't hold much longer.
So we have
to get ourselves out.
Where's the
manual override
in this tin can?
On the wall.
Outside that
electronically
sealed door.
So Dr. Fung
already damaged
their receivers
with his sound waves.
Yeah, but could
a bigger blast
zap the little creatures
out of commission?
VVeH,oncel
isolate and match
their resonant
frequencies, but...
How long before
the iso-chamber
coHapses?
At their accelerated
rate of consumption
and the amount of tungsten
they've already consumed,
I'd say in about
30 minutes.
Okay, I can make it
happen in five, but...
Go.
No, stop.
Look, a pulse on that
wavelength intense enough
to reach the mites
from a distance would
scramble essential systems
all over G.D.
That's the but
I was starting
to mention.
Look, the mites
have all gathered on
the isolation chamber.
A localized pulse could
obliterate them all
if we could
get it down there.
But there's no guarantee
that we can reach the
iso-chamber in time.
The mites have turned
the entire sublevel
into a maze of ship walls.
Yes, and the level was
hard enough to navigate
on a good day.
But I can guide someone
using the thermal imaging.
I'll be the bug bomber.
WEN: No, Allison.
You just said that it was
hard enough on a good day.
You're feeling
that good?
Yes, and no one knows
G.D. better than me.
Allison.
Jack, come on.
You gotta trust me.
I can get you there.
I know.
How's it coming?
Why did I have to make
these things damn near
indestructible, huh?
Because you don't
do things half-assed.
Even when you're
being a complete ass.
So, why'd you
tell me the truth?
It was either come clean
about being a mole,
or die in here.
Besides, I can't
break out on my own.
You confessed
about my test score
before anything
went wrong.
VVeH,lguess
I'm not always
a complete ass.
We
have power.
Okay,
now remember.
This is a one-time use
bug bomb with limited range.
To annihilate
all the mites,
you're gonna have to
get right up close
to the isolation chamber
before you push the button.
The sonic blast should
take care of business.
Should I cover my ears?
Well, it couldn't hurt.
(LAUGHS NERVOUSLY)
Um, yeah. Yeah.
Just pass me
the laser cutty thing.
Okay.
Allison?
You, uh, got your ears on?
'Cause we got a road block.
ALLISON: Just follow my lead.
Okay.
Here we go.
(DOOR OPENING)
Yeah!
(JO SIGHS)
It's, like, eight inches.
We'll never make it.
Oh, me, me.
I can manage
eight inches,
no problem.
It's gonna be
a bit tight.
Oh, I have
extremely limberjoints.
Ooh...
Okay.
The manual override
is on the other side
of the door.
Got it.
(GROANING)
Uh-oh.
You're stuck.
Is it too late to coat me
in something slippery?
Not even remotely.
Oh.
Can you at least
reach the override?
Oh.
Oh, oh, oh!
No dice.
Oh, ow, ow.
Bones, those are
my bones.
Ouch.
PARRISH: Yes!
One hundred cranes!
Guess who's going
to Titan, baby!
Ha, ha!
ALLISON: Jack, the fourth door
is the real one.
Copy that.
(SIGHS)
Jack, you can get over.
There's a good
two feet at the top.
Then make a sharp right
on the other side.
Got it.
(GRUNTS)
He has to hurry.
The chamber ceiling
won't last much longer.
Oh, come on.
ALLISON: Almost there.
Left turn just ahead
and then you're home free.
(MITES SCURRYING)
Holly.
Sheriff Carter?
Is that you?
I'm coming!
I've got a bug bomb!
Jack, are you okay?
(GROANS)
FARGO: Sheriff, are you okay?
lam in deep ship.
Okay, we need a plan.
We can do this.
Holly, stay put.
I'm gonna need you
in a sec.
I'm not going anywhere.
Zane, start chewing.
We're gonna need it sticky.
Jo, fasten these wires
together at the ends
while I score us
a magnet. Bam!
Parrish?
Time to cowboy up.
| see them.
FARGO: Carter,
are we close?
Little more
to the right.
Got them!
ALLISON: Not a lot of time,
Jack. Let's move.
Right.
Half an inch
to your left, Jack.
Almost.
You're close.
You got it!
Got it!
FARGO: Got it.
Hey, Sheriff, let's blast
these things and go home.
(GROANS)
Reeling it in, guys!
Easy.
(GROANS)
Ready?
(HIGH-FREQUENCY WHINE)
(YELLING)
CARTER: All clear,
everybody!
(GROANING)
ALL: Yeah!
You can come on down here
and cut us out.
Okay, you got it.
Just give us an hour.
(BOTH EXHALE)
Thanks.
Oh, I really
have to pee now.
Here's to the
interim director.
And to being
trusted again.
Yeah, about that.
Um...
Um, I may have been
a little overprotective.
But it was nice.
And then there was
a particularly traumatic
fifth-grade
dodge ball incident,
so teams have never
been my thing.
But after seeing you
in the iso-chamber,
your commitment
to the work and the group...
Well, I do like
to lead by example.
Oh, and you did, you did.
Uh, it was very manly.
What I'm trying to say
is that, uh...
You make me want
to be a team player.
Manly, huh?
Yeah.
And you don't
scream like a girl.
I know, right?
He totally did that.
Grace, about the surgery.
You know what
gets me, Henry?
ls you still think
like a bachelor.
I mean, I am
the last person to stand
between you
and your dreams.
I'm just asking that we
weigh the risks together.
You're right, it's not
just my risk, it's ours.
And as much as
I want to go to space,
I'm not willing to risk
my life with you to do it.
You know, I'm not
going to go either.
No, no, mmm-mmm.
You have to go.
Now, if! can't be
with you on Titan,
I'll be right here
in mission control
watching you
every second,
until I can bring you
back home safely.
So go.
On one condition.
Marry me,
Henry Deacon.
Absolutely.
Mmm!
Um, we have an
announcement to make!
We are getting married!
(CLEARS THROAT)
Aren't you already married?
They're renewing
their vows!
(ALL CHEERING)
Hey, how's it going,
Asterisk?
Well, Senator Wen
just left.
And she's recommending
a full pardon for me.
So I'll be eligible
for Astraeus.
Is that so?
The thing is, I don't know
if I really want to go.
What?
Space... Eh, done it.
You have got to
be kidding me.
l threatened those guys
with triple tire drills
if they didn't
recommend you
to Wen, and...
(CHUCKLES)
You jackass.
Seriously, Jo,
you don't even realize
what you've done for me.
With a pardon,
I can go anywhere.
From now on,
if! stay in Eureka,
it won't be because
I have to be here.
It'll be because
I want to be.